
what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

the list is empty !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:1

enter the ID: 1
enter the name: momen
enter the height: 1.73

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:1

enter the ID: 2
enter the name: amr
enter the height: 1.68

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:1

enter the ID: 3
enter the name: mohamed
enter the height: 1.7

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:1

enter the ID: 4
enter the name: amr
enter the height: 1.75

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

record number: 1
ID: 1
name: momen
height: 1.730000

record number: 2
ID: 2
name: amr
height: 1.680000

record number: 3
ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

record number: 4
ID: 4
name: amr
height: 1.750000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:3

enter index to be displayed:1

ID: 2
name: amr
height: 1.680000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:6

the list is successfully reversed !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

record number: 1
ID: 4
name: amr
height: 1.750000

record number: 2
ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

record number: 3
ID: 2
name: amr
height: 1.680000

record number: 4
ID: 1
name: momen
height: 1.730000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:7

ID: 2
name: amr
height: 1.680000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:6

the list is successfully reversed !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

record number: 1
ID: 1
name: momen
height: 1.730000

record number: 2
ID: 2
name: amr
height: 1.680000

record number: 3
ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

record number: 4
ID: 4
name: amr
height: 1.750000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:7

ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:1

enter the ID: 5
enter the name: attalah
enter the height: 1.8

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

record number: 1
ID: 1
name: momen
height: 1.730000

record number: 2
ID: 2
name: amr
height: 1.680000

record number: 3
ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

record number: 4
ID: 4
name: amr
height: 1.750000

record number: 5
ID: 5
name: attalah
height: 1.800000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:7

ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:8

list length is 5

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:2

enter ID to be deleted from list:8

the ID is not found !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:2

enter ID to be deleted from list:5

the ID: 5 is deleted !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

record number: 1
ID: 1
name: momen
height: 1.730000

record number: 2
ID: 2
name: amr
height: 1.680000

record number: 3
ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

record number: 4
ID: 4
name: amr
height: 1.750000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:2

enter ID to be deleted from list:2

the ID: 2 is deleted !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

record number: 1
ID: 1
name: momen
height: 1.730000

record number: 2
ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

record number: 3
ID: 4
name: amr
height: 1.750000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:8

list length is 3

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:7

ID: 3
name: mohamed
height: 1.700000

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:5

the list is empty !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:4

the list is empty !!!

what operation do you wish to execute on list?
  1-add student to list
  2-delete student from list
  3-find student
  4-display list
  5-delete list
  6-reverse list
  7-list middle
  8-list length
  9-terminate program
your choise is:9
program is terminated !!